docs(dashboards): Releases in Dashboards (#5083)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/dashboards/widget-library/index.mdx

The library includes the following widgets:

- **Duration Distribution**: A multi-overlay chart visualizing the distribution of transaction duration across various percentiles (p50, p75, and p95)
- **High Throughput Transactions**: The top transactions with the largest number of events
- **LCP by Country**: World map showing the p75 of page load times for each country
- **Miserable Users**: The total number of unique users who have experienced slow transactions (transaction duration greater than 1200ms)
- **Slow vs. Fast Transactions**: Bar chart comparing the percentage of transactions that are over 300ms (slow) and under 300ms (fast)
- **Issues For Review**: A table of unresolved issues for review, ordered by the most recently seen issues
- **Top Unhandled Error Types**: The top most frequently encountered unhandled errors
- **Users Affected by Errors**: A comparison of the total number of errors and the number of unique users affected by the errors
- **Crash Rates for Recent Releases**: Percentage of crashed sessions for your recent releases

> - **Session Health**: The total number of abnormal, crashed, errored and healthy sessions

Author: these two widget are only available for EA, should there be an indication of that?

Author: Addressed in this commit https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/pull/5083/commits/9f2e2ce97d8c0235582dbc665bc16691d5c26d36#diff-124b2f7356d01f77a1ac84d799606e8247298ade1ab46fdae30038d4afbef784R28-R33

The library includes the following widgets:

- **Duration Distribution**: A multi-overlay chart visualizing the distribution of transaction duration across various percentiles (p50, p75, and p95)
- **High Throughput Transactions**: The top five transactions with the largest number of events, represented in an area chart
- **LCP by Country**: World map showing the p75 of page load times for each country
- **Miserable Users**: The total number of unique users who have experienced slow transactions (transaction duration greater than 1200ms)
- **Slow vs. Fast Transactions**: Bar chart comparing the percentage of transactions that are over 300ms (slow) and under 300ms (fast)
- **Issues For Review**: A table of unresolved issues for review, ordered by the most recently seen issues

> - **Top Unhandled Error Types**: The top most frequently encountered unhandled errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Top Unhandled Error Types**: The most frequently encountered unhandled errors
```

- **Users Affected by Errors**: A comparison of the total number of errors and the number of unique users affected by the errors
- **Crash Rates for Recent Releases**: Percentage of crashed sessions for your recent releases

> - **Session Health**: The total number of abnormal, crashed, errored and healthy sessions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Session Health**: The total number of abnormal, crashed, errored, and healthy sessions
```

- Columns: `issue, assignee, events, title, links`
- Sort by: `Priority`

> ### Release Health

Reviewer: We've done sentence case on all the other ones so let's keep it consistent

```suggestion
### Release health
```

Author: Addressed in this commit https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/pull/5083/commits/9f2e2ce97d8c0235582dbc665bc16691d5c26d36#diff-124b2f7356d01f77a1ac84d799606e8247298ade1ab46fdae30038d4afbef784R104

<Note>

This feature is available only if you're in the Early Adopter program. Features available to Early Adopters are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony.
If you’re interested in being an Early Adopter, you can turn your organization’s Early Adopter status on/off in General Settings. This will affect all users in your organization and can be turned back off just as easily.

</Note>

To monitor the health of your releases over time, you can modify the "Session Health" widget by updating the "Visualization Display" to "Area Chart":

- Visualization Display: `Area Chart`

Add search filters to narrow the data down to a particular release:

- Search condition 1: `release:{version}`

> To monitor the health of your latest releases, update the Search condition to use the `latest` keyword:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To monitor the health of your latest releases, update the search condition to use the `latest` keyword:
```

Author: Addressed in this commit https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/pull/5083/commits/9f2e2ce97d8c0235582dbc665bc16691d5c26d36#diff-124b2f7356d01f77a1ac84d799606e8247298ade1ab46fdae30038d4afbef784R121

- Columns: `issue, assignee, events, title, links`
- Sort by: `Priority`

### Release health

<Note>

This feature is available only if you're in the Early Adopter program. Features available to Early Adopters are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony.
If you’re interested in being an Early Adopter, you can turn your organization’s Early Adopter status on/off in General Settings. This will affect all users in your organization and can be turned back off just as easily.

</Note>

> To monitor the health of your releases over time, you can modify the "Session Health" widget by updating the "Visualization Display" to "Area Chart":

Reviewer: Because there are only two actions the user has to take to create this widget, it doesn't make sense to have one of those steps be included in the lead-in sentence.
 
```suggestion
To monitor the health of your releases over time, you can modify the "Session Health" widget as follows:
```
